So then we have do the up to the up is a simple truth.
It's like a resource pool but with some other option.
So for example when we create our up we put some virtual machine inside this one.
And did we control those virtual machine as a container as they worked together.
For example we can create a vision machine with the firewall the CRM the and a database.
For example we have a week's spurred that is connected.
We did that.
So it puts them inside of the app that's me.
This talk between machine work together and we give it some resource pool for those virtual machine.
So this virtual machine will be Vaananen sit together and work together and then when we create our
Wii up we have the ability to power on power of restart et cetera for all the visual motion exist in.
That's a resource pool.
We're going to see it in the right environment how we can create the app how we can manage the difference
between a machine inside this one.
So for example in a situation that's we have our Websphere connected to that that Tabby's when we need
to shut down the door that your machine automatically will need to shut down fair first then the data
base.
Secondly because it would be connected to the Tabby's if we power off the database Firstly it will have
a corruption that are between the fair and Davies and this one can't damage our database server.
So for the safe shutdown we need to shut down do that first then do that Abbes number two.
Secondly so for that divvy up this option when you configure the app to give it that every time when
you send a power off or a shutdown of course we need to shut down to make it safe.
When we give a task to the app to shut down this app.
He automatically will shutdown this one first then this one.
Secondly then when we chose power on this up here will power on the database and then do this fair web.
Secondly to make it work safely of course there are aeration about the firewall to CRM etc..
You choose the ones that need to power on the power of and so on and so on.
So let's go to do a real environment and practice the step.
Next we.